# Password Generator
The Password Generator is a Python script designed to create strong and secure passwords with ease. This tool allows you to generate random passwords with customizable length and complexity, ensuring that your online accounts and sensitive information remain protected.

# Features
Customizable Length: You can specify the desired length of the password to meet the requirements of various platforms or security policies.

- **Character Set Customization:** The Password Generator allows you to choose from a wide range of character sets to include in your password generation process. You can select lowercase letters, uppercase letters, numbers, and special characters, or customize your own character set based on your specific needs.

- **Secure and Random:** The passwords generated by this tool are highly secure and completely random, making them difficult for others to guess or crack.

- **Easy-to-Use:** The script is designed to be user-friendly, even for those with limited programming experience. It provides clear prompts and instructions, guiding you through the password generation process step by step.

# Usage
- Open a terminal or command prompt and navigate to the project directory.

- Run the script using Python:
  ```python
  python password_generator.py
  ```
- Follow the on-screen instructions to customize your password generation settings.

- Once you have configured the settings, the script will generate a random password and display it on the screen.

- Copy the generated password and use it to secure your online accounts.

# Contribution
Contributions are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvement, please open an issue or submit a pull request on GitHub.

# License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more details.

# Acknowledgments
- The calculator app is built using the Python programming language.
- The project structure and code organization are inspired by best practices for Python projects.

# Contact
If you have any questions, suggestions, or issues, please feel free to contact the project maintainer at bscw@itu.edu.pk
